README.md, before:

# 🚀 Autonomous Mobile Robot (AMR) 

Welcome to the repository of our groundbreaking **Autonomous Mobile Robot (AMR) Project**. This project is a testament to the synergy of advanced technology and innovative engineering, demonstrating the capabilities of autonomous systems in complex environments.

## 🌟 Project Overview

Our AMR project integrates cutting-edge components and sophisticated software to achieve autonomous navigation and obstacle avoidance in dynamic environments. 

### Key Components:
- **RPLidar**: For precise environmental mapping.
- **High-Resolution Camera**: For vision-based navigation.
- **Stepper Motors**: For precise wheel control.

### Software Stack:
- **Robot Operating System (ROS)**: Running on the Jetson Nano platform.
- **Arduino**: For motor control and wheel odometry.
- **Simulation Tools**: SolidWorks model transformed into a URDF file, simulated in RViz and Gazebo with ROS.

## 🎯 Features

- **Autonomous Navigation**: The AMR autonomously plans routes and avoids obstacles.
- **Precision Mapping**: High accuracy in environmental mapping and localization.
- **Simulation to Reality**: Achieved seamless transition from simulated environments to real-world navigation.

## 💻 Technical Details

### Hardware
- **RPLidar**
- **High-Resolution Camera**
- **Stepper Motors**
- **Jetson Nano**
- **Arduino**

### Software
- **ROS**: Core operating system for robot control and navigation.
- **Gazebo & RViz**: Simulation tools for environment testing.
- **SolidWorks**: Used for 3D modeling of the robot.

## 📷 Gallery

![AMR Design](path_to_your_image_1.jpg)
![Simulation Environment](path_to_your_image_2.jpg)
![Real-World Testing](path_to_your_image_3.jpg)

## 📚 Documentation

Detailed documentation for setting up and running the AMR project can be found in the [Documentation](docs/documentation.md) section.

## 🤝 Acknowledgements

This project would not have been possible without the unwavering support of numerous individuals and institutions. Special thanks to everyone who contributed to the success of this endeavor.

Commit message:

Added Image and Yoututbe video link

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Autonomous Mobile Robot (AMR) 

Welcome to the repository of our groundbreaking **Autonomous Mobile Robot (AMR) Project**. This project is a testament to the synergy of advanced technology and innovative engineering, demonstrating the capabilities of autonomous systems in complex environments.

## 🌟 Project Overview

Our AMR project integrates cutting-edge components and sophisticated software to achieve autonomous navigation and obstacle avoidance in dynamic environments. 

### Key Components:
- **RPLidar**: For precise environmental mapping.
- **High-Resolution Camera**: For vision-based navigation.
- **Stepper Motors**: For precise wheel control.

### Software Stack:
- **Robot Operating System (ROS)**: Running on the Jetson Nano platform.
- **Arduino**: For motor control and wheel odometry.
- **Simulation Tools**: SolidWorks model transformed into a URDF file, simulated in RViz and Gazebo with ROS.

## 🎯 Features

- **Autonomous Navigation**: The AMR autonomously plans routes and avoids obstacles.
- **Precision Mapping**: High accuracy in environmental mapping and localization.
- **Simulation to Reality**: Achieved seamless transition from simulated environments to real-world navigation.

## 💻 Technical Details

### Hardware
- **RPLidar**
- **High-Resolution Camera**
- **Stepper Motors**
- **Jetson Nano**
- **Arduino**

### Software
- **ROS**: Core operating system for robot control and navigation.
- **Gazebo & RViz**: Simulation tools for environment testing.
- **SolidWorks**: Used for 3D modeling of the robot.

## 📷 Gallery

<img src="https://github.com/ChetanKamatagi/Autonomous-Mobile-Robot/blob/main/AMR_IMG.jpg" alt="AMR Design" width="500" />

## Check out our [YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZZxsdtzOAc) for more information.

## 🤝 Acknowledgements

This project would not have been possible without the unwavering support of numerous individuals and institutions. Special thanks to everyone who contributed to the success of this endeavor.
